All right, so
we're just gonna talk a little bit
about some really nice utilities.
So there's a lot of proxies
to just regular stuff.
For instance, bg-cyan-700 is not that much
harder than writing background color,
right, and then your favorite hex code or
a CSS variable or
something along on those lines.
There are some niceties in here though.
There are some utilities that
are maybe not necessarily
default CSS that are pretty
cool in this case.
So here I've got a bunch of divs,
cool, they're stacked
on top of each other.
Normally, I would probably reach for
flex or
something that if I wanted to
create a layout like this.
I don't have to,
I can literally just say space-y is 4.
It says, basically,
that the same standardized spacing in
between each of these,
and that's all it takes.
We can do it with our
buttons that we saw before.
We'll do it with this one.
And so what I can do here is I can say,
let's do space-x.
And we'll do something egregious
just to make the point.
That's in the button, sorry.
We want it on the container.
And then we've got some spacing in there.
If I hover over it,
it's actually super cool.
I'll show you what it is over in here,
which effectively what it becomes
is whatever the element was.
So let's say this is a div or whatever,
plus this, which basically means
it's going to add a margin to everything
that's not the first child, right?
So every every element that
came after another element, so
also known as not the first,
right, gets spacing.
And you can do that with x or
y or x and y.
You just add that one class and
you're getting effectively this for
free cuz it's a reusable utility.
And that's kind of when we thought
about those layers of base.
So yeah, typography,
I usually put in the base styles.
Some of the components will eventually,
I don't find myself expanding
the base component layer cuz I have
a framework and I have components.
And then utilities are like,
stuff like that becomes what we think
about in the utilities as well.
So we've got the ability to
space stuff out, which is great.
So, again, I could even instead of these,
I have these mb-4s here,
we can get rid of those.
Those are obnoxious.
And we can literally just say,
space-y, and then 4 is about right.
And I'll get the same effect.
It'll add that margin bottom to all of
them, kind of in between in this case.
And so now I don't have to put mb-4,
mb-4, mb-4, mb-4.
So it's also one of those things,
which is, as you get more comfortable with
Tailwind, you start to get
some of these little hacks.
And you don't write as
many utility classes, or
you can begin to compose your
own as needed as we go through.